Narrative and credits scene (#147)
kyranet/Drakhtar: dialog/dialog5transition.txt

Narrator Portraits-Narrator He turned his gaze at Thassa, eyes filled with wrath. .
Abeizhul Portraits-SoldierEnemy I am Abeizhul, War, Famine, Death. I come to claim this as my kingdom. As for you... .
Abeizhul Portraits-SoldierEnemy We will meet again soon, princess of Drakhtar. For now, I take my leave. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator The demon opened a sinister portal with his black magic, and in a flash of red and black, he was gone in an instant. Thassa chased after him, just for the portal to disappear right before her eyes. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa thought of what to do next. When she was a kid, she read in books about the circle of Aryassa, a group of magicians, masters in pretty much every type of magic. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator She was sure they had to know how to remove or avoid the strange fog that surrounded Crihendrath. They were her only hope. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa invited the circle of magicians of Aryassa to her court and asked for help to pass the mist of death. After a long negotiation, they accepted and agreed to follow her. .

> Narrator Portraits-Narrator Korvuk, the circle's leader, summoned strange looking golems that joined Thassa�s ranks and opened a portal that led next to the enemy fortress. .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Korvuk, the circle's leader, summoned strange looking golems that joined Thassa's ranks and opened a portal that led next to the enemy fortress. .
```
